* [Html pages](#htmlpages)
* [Shiny App folder](#shinyfolder)


<a name="htmlpages"></a>
### Html pages 
Html pages can be found in `www` folder. All the file in this folder can be accessed by clients by default. Sensitive files should NOT be included in this folder.

#### Folders

  - `server/www/shared/`  
folder contains static files for web pages.

  - `server/www/shared_{version}/`  
folder contains shiny static files (shiny version).

  - `server/www/shared_mod/`  
contains modified css and js files.


#### Files

  - `servertimestamp.html`  
a page generated by the server every 3 seconds. can be used for health checking.
  
You can customize the following pages  
`applist.html` `demo.html` `index.html` `favicon.ico` can be removed if needed.

  - `applist.html`  
`applist.html` page is used to show a list of apps in shinyfolder. This page doesn’t exist by default. To generate applist.html : create an empty file named `applist.update` in `config` folder, the `applist.html` page will be updated in a few seconds.

  - `demo.html`  
show a demo app, can used to test if the server is set correctly.

  - `index.html`  
index page

  - `serverbusy.html`  
html page to show when server is too busy (defined by memory/cpu threshold)

  - `appinitfailed.html`  
html page to show when a shiny app failed to initialize

  - `404.html`  
html page to show when a resource (html/js/css) is not found

  - `500.html`  
html page to show when server internal error is thrown

  - `shinyvererror.html`  
html page to show when shiny sversion is not supported

  - `errors.html`  
html page to show when any other errors are thrown

  - `favicon.ico`  
favicon of the web

  
<a name="shinyfolder"></a>
### Shiny App folder 
In `config/system_*` files, shinyfolder is the path of shiny apps; could be relative path (to the `server.jar`) or absolute path
default: shinyfolder = shinyapp

Each folder in shinyfolder represents a shiny app.
```
├─006-tabsets
│      DESCRIPTION
│      Readme.md
│      server.R
│      ui.R
│      
├─008-html
│  │  DESCRIPTION
│  │  Readme.md
│  │  server.R
│  │  
│  └─www
│          index.html
│          
└─009-upload
        DESCRIPTION
        Readme.md
        server.R
        ui.R
```        
       
